## Auto Marking and Student Performance Analyser System for Continuous Assessments

The Computer Engineering department consists of at least 240 students. Most courses offered by the department consist of multiple coding assignments. Under the current system, instructors have to manually go through each student's code to evaluate their performance. This takes up a lot of time. As a result, Instructors have less time to spend on other student activities such as teaching.

Most coding assignments these days can be evaluated relatively well by using an Auto Grader. By giving a diverse set of test cases, codes written by a student can be evaluated well. 

So this project is to create an autograder which is capable of evaluating coding assignments submitted by students and to use the data generated by the auto grader to evaluate the student. This data can be used to assess a student's strengths and weaknesses in comparison with other students.This whole process can be automated so the instructor will not have to spend any time going through each student.


## Team
-  E/18/323, Seekkubadu H.D. [e18323@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e18323@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/18/330, Sewwandi H.R. [e18330@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e18330@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/18/375, Vindula K.P.A. [e18375@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e18375@eng.pdn.ac.lk)

## Supervisor

Dr. Mahanama Wickramasinghe [mahanamaw@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:mahanamaw@eng.pdn.ac.lk)

## Scrum Master

Poornima Lankani [lankaniperera@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:lankaniperera@eng.pdn.ac.lk)

----

- [Project Page](https://cepdnaclk.github.io/e18-co227-Auto-Marking-and-Student-Performance-Analyser-System-for-Continuous-Assessments-Group-B/)
